= Tracks plugin

This plugin allows you to copy your redmine issues to Tracks application and does some
simple synchronization. Once you setup your account you can create Tracks Todo from any
issue. It allows you to select Project and Context directly in redmine issue detail and
it copies issue name, description, start date and due date to newly created Todo.

It adds issue url to Todo description automatically. Once you create a Todo from an issue
it's linked and you see this connection at issue detail. You can click on a link that brings
you to a context in which you created the Todo. If you close an issue (you set any closed issue 
status) it will automatically close you Todo in Tracks. It won't reopen it when you reopen 
issue.

Note that start data and due data are copied only if they are in future (or today)

Plugin is intended to be one-directional only. I hope you find it useful.

Everything important is on github http://github.com/igloonet/redmine_tracks

Code is released under MIT License

= Prerequisites

This plugin uses ActiveResource gem. You must install it in order
to use this plugin.

this should do the trick
 gem install activeresource

= Install

1. Put this plugin into Rails.root/vendor/plugins/redmine_tracks
2. Run rake db:migrate_plugins
   - this will add tracks_token, tracks_user and tracks_url attribute to your user
3. Restart redmine if it's already running
4. Every user should see "Tracks" link in right upper corner (next to Sign out)
   - if anyone sets his tracks url, username and token in here, you will se a link at issue update form
   - if you want to disable integration, just leave all fields blank
   - you have to specify your password, unfortunatelly plugin cannot use a token (such as for RSS)

That's it, now you should be good to go

= Changelog

0.1 (2011-04-08)
 * Plugin can create Todos in Tracks

= Future work

Try to figure out how to use API token with ActiveResource and REST API.

If you like this plugin, please consider donation.

= Credits

Thanks to IglooNET s.r.o. (my current employer) I was allowed to work on this plugin and release it 
under MIT licence.